The COVID-19 virus was stolen out of a Canadian lab by Chinese spies.
The COVID-19 virus contains ‘HIV-like insertions,’ suggesting it was engineered.
The COVID-19 pandemic was predicted in a simulation.
A group funded by Bill Gates patented the COVID-19 virus.
The COVID-19 virus is a manmade bioweapon.
5G cell phone technology is linked to the coronavirus outbreak.
Colloidal silver can cure COVID-19.
Miracle Mineral Solution can cure COVID-19.
Garlic can cure COVID-19.
High doses of vitamin C have been proven to be an effective treatment for COVID-19.
The Italian Government is preventing migrants from being tested for COVID-19.
Bill Gates plans to use COVID-19 to implement a mandatory vaccine program with microchips to surveil people.
Getting a flu shot increases your risk of getting COVID-19.
Wearing a face mask can cause hypercapnia, a condition of too much carbon dioxide
Wearing a face mask will push the COVID-19 virus into your brain
George Soros owns a lab in Wuhan where the coronavirus was created
The French Pasteur Institute patented the virus
The French government authorized euthanasia in the middle of the crisis
In Europe, Contact tracing apps were automatically installed on people’s smartphones without their consent
The COVID-19 virus was engineered in a laboratory at the University of North Carolina
Dr. Anthony Fauci will personally profit from a COVID-19 vaccine
The mRNA vaccines being developed for COVID-19 will alter human DNA.
COVID-19 vaccines are not being tested against a placebo in clinical trials.
The COVID-19 vaccine will use microchip surveillance technology created by Bill Gates-funded research.
Dr. Anthony Fauci will personally profit from a COVID-19 vaccine.
A new law in Colorado will force parents into a government-run re-education program if they refuse to give their children a COVID-19 vaccine.
The COVID-19 vaccine has been proven to cause infertility in 97 percent of its recipients.
COVID-19 vaccines will contain aborted human fetal tissue.
The COVID-19 vaccine being developed by Oxford University and AstraZeneca will turn people into monkeys.
Government food stamps will be denied to those who refuse COVID-19 vaccines.
The U.K. Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) will use artificial intelligence to monitor the safety of COVID-19 vaccines because the agency knows that vaccines are extremely dangerous.
A document on the FDA website shows that two participants died as a result of serious adverse events from an experimental COVID-19 vaccine.
The virus mutates so fast that a vaccine will never work.
The head of research at Pfizer said the company’s COVID-19 vaccine contains a protein called syncytin-1 that will result in female sterilization.
COVID-19 vaccine injections, shown during press events being delivered to health care workers, are fabricated, using syringes with disappearing needles.
A nurse in Alabama died hours after receiving the COVID-19 vaccine.
The COVID-19 vaccines violate the Nuremberg Code, which bans medical experiments from being performed on humans without their consent.
The COVID-19 vaccines will cause pathogenic priming or disease enhancement, meaning that vaccinated individuals will be more likely to develop severe cases of COVID-19 if they are infected with the COVID-19 virus.
The COVID-19 vaccine can cause people to develop COVID-19.
The mRNA vaccines for COVID-19 do not fit the CDC and FDA’s definitions of a vaccine, which state that vaccines have to both stimulate immunity and disrupt transmission of a virus.
Hank Aaron’s death is linked to the COVID-19 vaccine.
PCR tests used to detect the virus that causes COVID-19 can also be used to secretly deliver the COVID-19 vaccine, according to research from Johns Hopkins University.
Life insurance companies won’t pay out benefits to anyone who dies after receiving a COVID-19 vaccine because the vaccines are considered experimental.
The increase in COVID-19 cases and deaths in India between February and May 2021 was caused by COVID-19 vaccinations.
Videos posted on social media show magnets sticking to people’s arms after they received COVID-19 vaccines, proving the vaccines contain magnetic ingredients.
The American Red Cross will not accept blood donations from anyone who has received a COVID-19 vaccine because the vaccines wipe out the body’s natural antibodies.
Gibraltar saw a surge in deaths since its government began vaccinating the population with the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine, with at least 53 deaths caused by or linked to the COVID-19 vaccine in Gibraltar.
Four pilots who work for British Airways have died from the COVID-19 vaccine, and now the airline is in crisis talks with the British government about whether vaccinated pilots should be allowed to fly.
Airlines, particularly in Spain and Russia, have advised people who have received the COVID-19 vaccine to avoid flying because of a risk of developing blood clots.
Secret documents reveal that Moderna had developed a COVID-19 vaccine in December 2019, proving that the pandemic was planned.
COVID-19 vaccines contain luciferase, a substance named after the fallen angel Lucifer.
Spike proteins in mRNA COVID-19 vaccines are toxic to humans and can spread throughout the body, causing heart problems and neurological damage.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that modified DNA is not naturally-occurring and can thus be patented. People who have gotten an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine, which modifies the human genome, are now legally patented and have no human rights.
